* Project Title:  Breakout! Arcade game made in Python
* Project Team:   Scott Ruptash & Evan Doroshuk


* Description:
    We intend to port a replica of the breakout arcade game from arduino
    to python, a project from last semester. The player controls
    the paddle at the bottom using a mouse and/or keyboard arrows, 
    and must eliminate all colored rows of bricks with only 3 lives.
    The ball will speed up at certain intervals, change angles depending on
    where the ball lands on the paddle, and will shrink in size when breaking
    through different colored layers of bricks. A player score will be
    displayed during play. In addition to this functionality, we will
    add powerups (more balls, lasers, paddle growing/shrinking), as well
    as more levels. A highscore will be saved to an external file, which
    upon reading would show a leaderboard.
    

* Milestones:
    1. Since this project has already been implemented in Arduino, we will
       now try to port it over to the python language, using pygame to
       represent the graphics. For this milestone, just translate the draw
       commands so that sprites are shown on-screen for the respective bricks,
       ball, and paddle.
       
    2. This milestone will be part 2 of porting. This one will focus on porting
       the code responsible for game functionality. Make sure the keyboard and
       mouse are now used for controlling the game. Once this step is complete,
       we should have a basic functioning game.
       
    3. This milestone will focus on adding powerups and new levels to the game.
       We will need to make the menus in place more complex to accommodate 
       additional settings and new levels. As for the powerups, this requires
       more backend coding, and a randomizer that embeds powerups in different
       bricks for each level. The functionality of each powerup could also be
       different (more balls, lasers, etc.) and this will need additional coding.
       
    4. If we have time, we will have functionality in place for a leaderboard, and
       saving of highscore to an external file. We may also try to spruce up the game
       graphics-wise (ie give bricks shading and complex design, different backgrounds),
       and also make it so that bricks take multiple hits to break (each hit showing
       a bigger crack on brick).
           
       
* Delivery & Demonstration:
    We will of course demonstrate the game and not only show that it
    is fun to play, but is also a successful port from the
    arduino platform.
    
    An instructions file (howto.txt) will be included to show how
    to play the game, as well as how to set up the computer so that
    all the right dependencies are installed.
    
    
